# hpx
human power exchange
In our society always there is a scarcity of service providers and service consumers. Though we have more scarcity lot of days daily wage people may go home without any job and income. At the same time, some people might not get any person to accomplish their work. Here the main problem what we are seeing is the communication gap between service providers and consumers.
	In order to resolve this communication issue, we are providing an android app (iOS app in future) named “Human Power Exchange”. In this app, people can register themselves as a service provider and/or Consumer by giving all their details and get their need completed. Here Service Provider are the people who can offer their skills and consumers are who is paying to service provider for using their skills to get their work done. 
For e.g.: A person can offer electrician skills (Service provider) and in the surrounding location another person needs some electrical work to be completed in his home (Consumer). Consumer who registered can record an audio/text/video message and publish. Now app will send a broadcast notification to all electrician who registered through our app. One of the service providers can accept the work and both people accomplish their needs now. 
The “Human Power Exchange” app will be very simple, and it contains images to make every step to be self-explanatory for any user who is using android mobile irrespective of their educational qualification. At the initial level, the app will be in Tamil and English where user can choose their language and change it whenever they need. 
